♪ I can't figure you out at all♪
( zenzen tsukamenai kimi no koto)
♪ When I wasn't paying attention, yeah~♪
(zenzen shiranai uchi ni, yeah)
♪ You stole my heart away... and things like this…♪
(kokoro ubawareru nante koto)
♪ Should not be happening!♪
(aru hazu nai desho)
♪It could be an abrupt smile♪
(sore wa buaisou na egao dattari)
♪ Or it could be sunset on Sunday ♪
(sore wa nichiyoubi no higure dattari)
♪ Or it could be a period with lots of tests♪
(sore wa tesuto bakka no kikan dattari)
♪ Or it could be a melancholist just like you♪
(sore wa kimi to yuu na no merankorin-nisuto)
♪ I keep thinking to myself that trying to act tough… ♪
(teatari shidai tsuyoki de butsukatte mo)
♪ And confronting without a plan won’t get me anywhere in the end ♪
(nannimo te ni wa nokoranaitte omoikonderu)
♪ Whenever I need just a little courage… ♪
(chotto gurai no yuuki ni datte)
♪ I’d lock myself up into a tight ball♪
(chicchaku natte fusagi konderu)
♪ Because that is me♪
(watashi dakara)
♪ I can't figure you out at all♪
( zenzen tsukamenai kimi no koto)
♪ When I wasn't paying attention♪
(zenzen shiranai uchi ni)
♪ You stole my heart away... and things like this…♪
(kokoro ubawareru nante koto)
♪ Should not be happening!♪
(aru hazu nai desho)
♪ You don't notice anything at all ♪
(zenzen kizukanai kimi nante)
♪ So I don't care about you, don't care about you at all ♪
(zenzen shiranai shiranai mon)
♪ Don't you "hey hey" me and stop smiling like that ♪
("nee nee" janai wa kono egao)
♪ Or I'll lose my sleep again♪
(mata nemurenai desho)
♪ I can't figure you out at all♪
( zenzen tsukamenai kimi no koto)
♪ When I wasn't paying attention, yeah~♪
(zenzen shiranai uchi ni, yeah)
♪ You stole my heart away... and things like this…♪
(kokoro ubawareru nante koto)
♪ Should not be happening!♪
(aru hazu nai desho)
* Translated by ロリコ, Bararo and Lacrymac *